src/pages/uses.mdx, before:

---
layout: "../layouts/TwoCols.astro"
title: Uses Page
---

import Logo from "../components/Logo.astro";

## Services

### Free

- <Logo src="obsidian" /> [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) - Note-taking & project management
- <Logo src="todoist" /> [Todoist](https://todoist.com/) - Task manager
- <Logo src="bitwarden" /> [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/) - Password manager
- <Logo src="komoot" /> [Komoot](https://www.komoot.com/) - Route planner & navigation
- <Logo src="trakt" /> [Trakt.tv](https://trakt.tv/) - Movie & TV show tracking
- <Logo src="lastfm" /> [Last.fm](https://www.last.fm/) - Music tracking
- <Logo src="tailscale" /> [Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/) - Mesh VPN
- <Logo src="github" /> [GitHub](https://github.com/) - Git repository
- <Logo src="uniseasy" /> [Uni's Easy](https://uniseasy.com/) - Study+AI organization
- <Logo src="controld" /> [ControlD](https://controld.com/free-dns) - DNS
- <Logo src="cloudflare" /> Cloudflare
  - [Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) - Hosting
  - [Tunnel](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps) - Tunnelling

### Paid

- <Logo src="perplexity" /> [Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/) - AI chat & search
- <Logo src="purelymail" /> [PurelyMail](https://purelymail.com/) - Email
- <Logo src="hetzner" /> [Hetzner](https://hetzner.cloud/?ref=aTZxb3c7Zc1y) - Cloud hosting
- <Logo src="surfshark" /> [Surfshark](https://surfshark.club/friend/Q4pppam6) - VPN
- <Logo src="namecheap" /> [Namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/) & <Logo src="ovh" /> [OVH](https://www.ovh.com/) - Domains

### Selfhosted

- <Logo src="karakeep" /> [Karakeep](https://karakeep.app/) - Bookmarking
- <Logo src="n8n" /> [n8n](https://n8n.io/) - Personal automations
- <Logo src="synology" /> [Synology NAS](https://www.synology.com/en-global) with:
  - <Logo src="synologydrive" /> [Synology Drive](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/feature/drive) - File drive
  - <Logo src="immich" /> [Immich](https://immich.app/) - Photo management
  - <Logo src="jellyfin" /> [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/) - Media streaming
  - <Logo src="homeassistant" /> [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) - Home automation
  - <Logo src="shlink" /> [Shlink](https://shlink.io/) - URL shortener
  - <Logo src="paperlessngx" /> [Paperless-ngx](https://docs.paperless-ngx.com/) - Document management

## Apps/Programs

### Free

- Operating Systems
  - <Logo src="zorinos" /> [ZorinOS](https://zorinos.com/) - Laptop daily driver
  - <Logo src="nixos" /> [NixOS](https://nixos.org/) - Desktop daily driver
    - <Logo src="i3wm" /> [i3wm](https://i3wm.org/) - Window manager
  - <Logo src="archlinux" /> [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org/) - Alternative daily driver
  - <Logo src="ubuntu" /> [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) - Servers
- <Logo src="firefox" /> [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/) - Browser
  - <Logo src="ublockorigin" /> [uBlock Origin](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/)
  - <Logo src="darkreader" /> [Dark Reader](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/darkreader/)
  - <Logo src="bitwarden" /> [Bitwarden](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bitwarden-password-manager/)
- Dev
  - <Logo src="vscode" /> [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - Code editor
  - <Logo src="neovim" /> [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) - Config editor
  - <Logo src="alacritty" /> [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org/) - Terminal emulator
  - <Logo src="fishshell" /> [fish shell](https://fishshell.com/) - Shell
  - <Logo src="starship" /> [Starship](https://starship.rs/) - Shell prompt
- Others
  - <Logo src="syncthing" /> [Syncthing](https://syncthing.net/) - File synchronization
  - <Logo src="excalidraw" /> [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com) - Diagrams & notes
  - <Logo src="davinciresolve" /> [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve) - Video editing
  - <Logo src="tenacity" /> [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/) - Audio editing
  - <Logo src="affinity" /> [Affinity](https://affinity.studio) - Image editing
  - <Logo src="libreoffice" /> [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) - Office suite
  - <Logo src="mpv" /> [mpv](https://mpv.io/) & <Logo src="vlc" /> [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/) - Media players
  - <Logo src="grayjay" /> [Grayjay](https://grayjay.app/) - Media consumption
  - <Logo src="thunar" /> [Thunar](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/thunar/start) & <Logo src="amaze" /> [Amaze](https://github.com/TeamAmaze/AmazeFileManager) - File managers
  - <Logo src="kvaesitso" /> [Kvaesitso](https://kvaesitso.mm20.de/) - Android launcher
  - <Logo src="kdeconnect" /> [KDE Connect](https://kdeconnect.kde.org/) - Phone integration
  - <Logo src="beeper" /> [Beeper](https://www.beeper.com/) - Unified chat
  - <Logo src="thunderbird" /> [Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/) - Email client
  - <Logo src="antennapod" /> [AntennaPod](https://antennapod.org/) - Podcast player
  - <Logo src="organicmaps" /> [Organic Maps](https://organicmaps.app/) - Maps & Navigation
  - <Logo src="harmonic" /> [Harmonic](https://github.com/SimonHalvdansson/Harmonic-HN) - Hacker News client

#### Paid

- <Logo src="hevy" /> [Hevy](https://hevyapp.com/) - Workout tracker
- <Logo src="sleepasandroid" /> [Sleep as Android](https://sleep.urbandroid.org/) - Sleep tracker
- <Logo src="symphonium" /> [Symfonium](https://symfonium.app/) - Music player
- <Logo src="macrodroid" /> [MacroDroid](https://www.macrodroid.com/) - Android automation

Commit message:

Add affiliate links with disclaimer

src/pages/uses.mdx, after:

---
layout: "../layouts/TwoCols.astro"
title: Uses Page
---

import Logo from "../components/Logo.astro";

<details style="column-span: all; -webkit-column-span: all; margin-bottom: 1.5rem; padding: 0.4rem 1rem; background: rgba(255, 193, 7, 0.1); border-left: 4px solid rgba(255, 193, 7, 0.6); border-radius: 4px;">
  <summary style="cursor: pointer; font-weight: bold; user-select: none;">Affiliate/referral disclaimer</summary>
  <p style="margin-top: 0.5rem;">Some links on this page are affiliate/referral links (marked with <sup>ref</sup>). I may earn a commission if you sign up through these links, at no extra cost to you (and may even get you a discount). I only recommend services I personally use and trust. Feel free to search for these services directly if you prefer.</p>
</details>

## Services

### Free

- <Logo src="obsidian" /> [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) - Note-taking & project management
- <Logo src="todoist" /> [Todoist](https://todoist.com/) - Task manager
- <Logo src="bitwarden" /> [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/) - Password manager
- <Logo src="komoot" /> [Komoot](https://www.komoot.com/) - Route planner & navigation
- <Logo src="trakt" /> [Trakt.tv](https://trakt.tv/) - Movie & TV show tracking
- <Logo src="lastfm" /> [Last.fm](https://www.last.fm/) - Music tracking
- <Logo src="tailscale" /> [Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/) - Mesh VPN
- <Logo src="github" /> [GitHub](https://github.com/) - Git repository
- <Logo src="uniseasy" /> [Uni's Easy](https://uniseasy.com/) - Study+AI organization
- <Logo src="controld" /> [ControlD](https://controld.com/free-dns) - DNS
- <Logo src="coinbase" /> [Coinbase](https://ref.rgo.pt/coinbase)<sup>ref</sup> - Cryptocurrency exchange
- <Logo src="revolut" /> [Revolut](https://ref.rgo.pt/revolut)<sup>ref</sup> - Banking & finance
- <Logo src="thunderpick" /> [Thunderpick](https://ref.rgo.pt/thunderpick)<sup>ref</sup> - Esports betting
- <Logo src="cloudflare" /> Cloudflare
  - [Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) - Hosting
  - [Tunnel](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps) - Tunnelling

### Paid

- <Logo src="perplexity" /> [Perplexity](https://www.perplexity.ai/) - AI chat & search
- <Logo src="purelymail" /> [PurelyMail](https://purelymail.com/) - Email
- <Logo src="hetzner" /> [Hetzner](https://ref.rgo.pt/hetzner)<sup>ref</sup> - Cloud hosting
- <Logo src="surfshark" /> [Surfshark](https://ref.rgo.pt/surfshark)<sup>ref</sup> - VPN
- <Logo src="cloudflare" /> [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) & <Logo src="ovh" /> [OVH](https://www.ovh.com/) - Domains

### Selfhosted

- <Logo src="karakeep" /> [Karakeep](https://karakeep.app/) - Bookmarking
- <Logo src="n8n" /> [n8n](https://n8n.io/) - Personal automations
- <Logo src="shlink" /> [Shlink](https://shlink.io/) - URL shortener
- <Logo src="synology" /> [Synology NAS](https://www.synology.com/en-global) with:
  - <Logo src="synologydrive" /> [Synology Drive](https://www.synology.com/en-global/dsm/feature/drive) - File drive
  - <Logo src="immich" /> [Immich](https://immich.app/) - Photo management
  - <Logo src="jellyfin" /> [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org/) - Media streaming
  - <Logo src="homeassistant" /> [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) - Home automation
  - <Logo src="paperlessngx" /> [Paperless-ngx](https://docs.paperless-ngx.com/) - Document management

## Apps/Programs

### Free

- Operating Systems
  - <Logo src="zorinos" /> [ZorinOS](https://zorinos.com/) - Laptop daily driver
  - <Logo src="nixos" /> [NixOS](https://nixos.org/) - Desktop daily driver
    - <Logo src="i3wm" /> [i3wm](https://i3wm.org/) - Window manager
  - <Logo src="archlinux" /> [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org/) - Alternative daily driver
  - <Logo src="ubuntu" /> [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) - Servers
- <Logo src="firefox" /> [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/) - Browser
  - <Logo src="ublockorigin" /> [uBlock Origin](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/)
  - <Logo src="darkreader" /> [Dark Reader](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/darkreader/)
  - <Logo src="bitwarden" /> [Bitwarden](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/bitwarden-password-manager/)
- Dev
  - <Logo src="vscode" /> [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - Code editor
  - <Logo src="neovim" /> [Neovim](https://neovim.io/) - Config editor
  - <Logo src="alacritty" /> [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org/) - Terminal emulator
  - <Logo src="fishshell" /> [fish shell](https://fishshell.com/) - Shell
  - <Logo src="starship" /> [Starship](https://starship.rs/) - Shell prompt
- Others
  - <Logo src="syncthing" /> [Syncthing](https://syncthing.net/) - File synchronization
  - <Logo src="excalidraw" /> [Excalidraw](https://excalidraw.com) - Diagrams & notes
  - <Logo src="davinciresolve" /> [DaVinci Resolve](https://www.blackmagicdesign.com/products/davinciresolve) - Video editing
  - <Logo src="tenacity" /> [Tenacity](https://tenacityaudio.org/) - Audio editing
  - <Logo src="affinity" /> [Affinity](https://affinity.studio) - Image editing
  - <Logo src="libreoffice" /> [LibreOffice](https://www.libreoffice.org/) - Office suite
  - <Logo src="mpv" /> [mpv](https://mpv.io/) & <Logo src="vlc" /> [VLC](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/) - Media players
  - <Logo src="grayjay" /> [Grayjay](https://grayjay.app/) - Media consumption
  - <Logo src="thunar" /> [Thunar](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/thunar/start) & <Logo src="amaze" /> [Amaze](https://github.com/TeamAmaze/AmazeFileManager) - File managers
  - <Logo src="kvaesitso" /> [Kvaesitso](https://kvaesitso.mm20.de/) - Android launcher
  - <Logo src="kdeconnect" /> [KDE Connect](https://kdeconnect.kde.org/) - Phone integration
  - <Logo src="beeper" /> [Beeper](https://www.beeper.com/) - Unified chat
  - <Logo src="thunderbird" /> [Thunderbird](https://www.thunderbird.net/) - Email client
  - <Logo src="antennapod" /> [AntennaPod](https://antennapod.org/) - Podcast player
  - <Logo src="organicmaps" /> [Organic Maps](https://organicmaps.app/) - Maps & Navigation
  - <Logo src="harmonic" /> [Harmonic](https://github.com/SimonHalvdansson/Harmonic-HN) - Hacker News client

#### Paid

- <Logo src="hevy" /> [Hevy](https://hevyapp.com/) - Workout tracker
- <Logo src="sleepasandroid" /> [Sleep as Android](https://sleep.urbandroid.org/) - Sleep tracker
- <Logo src="symphonium" /> [Symfonium](https://symfonium.app/) - Music player
- <Logo src="macrodroid" /> [MacroDroid](https://www.macrodroid.com/) - Android automation
